stories favorite stories
(***)
Anything so what's your favorite childhood book
Yeah.
mm mm
Thank you.
oh
You know, I think my prime for reading was...
Before five years old, all the children, I loved almost everything.
But I like, as a series, I love Curious George.
The man in the yellow hat.
And the monkey. Yeah.
The books are really old.
Oh, really? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Curious Georgiouma. like
I don't like the modern interpretation where PBS did a whole...
TV show on it and like the current
cute ones i don't like i like the classic books
It was a book. (***)
No, no, no. It's the same.  i think It's not the same.
oh like yeah
Yeah. No, it's not a real monkey, but the drawing's not so cute.
Yeah, I like the classic one.
I'm curious, what was your favorite growing up?
oh Okay, that was a movie for me.
Did you watch the movie? (***)
before the movie oh after the movie
ohh
the dragon
I love that, like, the dragon.
Yeah.
Yeah, the white drag, it's a drag.
Oh, the remake? Yeah. Of it? Okay.
I'm not sure. Actually, I loved the movie growing up.
Yeah.
Well, I didn't read the book. Maybe that's why.
oh
huh ha ha
That's a good one.
oh
That's a problem.
oh yeah
yeah And they yeah
Yeah. Oh, but in the real book, it's not there.
Have a great day.
I wish to read the book.
huh ha ha
oh
yeah
I like the movie.
ha ha ha
Boy, roll the dice.
yeah
huh ha ha
She seemed like a ballerina. yeah
I don't remember.
Do you know it? oh I don't know.